Scientists discover a realm of pure energy, energy that can be shaped by thought. This leads to a new energy revolution where humans are essentially magicians. humans can channel a bit of the energy easily enough, but scientists soon see resonant pattern in the magic field that allow them to channel the power much more easily into grand applications. This leads to a technological revolution. One day the scientists of the world notice power is becoming sporatic from the resonant seals, and unpredictable. Tech powered by them beginss to broadcast architectural plans, large ornate "houses" decorated with the seals. When built the power would normalize for a time, but the demands would continue. Sometimes these houses for power would require replacing spiritual sites, but sometimes not. Scientists world wide were frantic studying what these strange ornate houses could be. In the meantime, random architecture was a small price for governments to pay to keep the country running and out of recession, as they are so reliant on the power. Persecution is subtle but increasing. Sometimes the sites are holy sites, and in the people of the religion are reluctant to move their parish, but the government saying its for the good of the people push them out. After a time when nothing dangerous happened the public was allowd inside. Sometimes people would say they felt "sick" when they entered, or be deathly afraid of the places, but this was chalked up to a high concentration of energy in there. Sometimes people would come out super charged with power, or people would come out with subtly colder, different personalities. Rumors spread of people coming out possessed by something, but the scientific community dismisses this as superstition. Whatever community they were built in would suddenly see an influx of wealth however. Soon communities were fighting to build the temples in their area, because if not built in time, the request would disappear of the air. After some time Chanticleers begin poping up. They would seemingly go into a trance and begin singing a pattern, a language unknown with sounds alien to human tongues. The whole place would be charged with power. People start chanting to boost their personal power. The elite would begin to have private parties and do some strage things in the temples.

The seals they were using were of ancient entities, they now restrict the ammount of power from the seals to any country not worshiping them. This leads to a huge energy crisis world wide, and many countries build curches to the specification of the entities. they slowly introduce worship of themselves, and subtly supplant established religions. Eventually when worship of them is prolific enough, they establish oly days to themselves. Then on one of these days the incarnate to lead their nations. They lead the nations in war against eachother, and its like ancient greece with its patron dieties and the world is a perpetual war